We've got some research to do this week
and uh last week it cut for me. Well,
minimal energy.
I'm going to do what I can to get this
block of work done.
Let me talk a little bit about what I've
been thinking about.
So, we have
Okay, so we have a whole bunch of
experiments, right?
But what's not happening cleanly is this
is supposed to you can kind of see it
here a little bit, but we should be
drawing this nice like exponential curve
and it's not doing that.
Make your mic louder.
I think I just have it too far away.
Let me fix this.
We'll try something like this. Yeah,
that ought to be loud enough.
Um,
I think what I have to do here,
there are a couple different pieces to
this.
First of all,
yeah, so this is still up.
It's suggesting experiments.
Some of the suggestions are reasonable.
Not all of them though. In fact, a lot
of them aren't very reasonable.
Presumably because it's outside of the
data support, right?
I think if we just filter experiments
outside of the max cost.
Let's do that. Now, we have a couple
things that we have to do today. Then in
that case,
So this is the problem, Tim. We now we
have two cost variables now, right? We
have samples
and we have runtime.
wouldn't you just do two experiments?
No, you wouldn't
because that will get you the two end
points. It doesn't get you the curve.
But to your point, that is actually what
I'm doing now as a baseline is I'm going
to do that slightly more rigorously than
I did before.
So other than changing the network size,
I think this is
mostly what we want, right?
The only other thing I can think of is
I can technically mess up the mini batch
size, right?
Let me see what it doing for this.
I got some pretty good results before,
didn't I?
I'm trying to think of a clean way to do
this.
You just have a million things you're
doing, eh?
not working on one thing.
Yeah, I hear you.
here.
All right. I need to do
other one.
Okay, I think that this is a quick hacky
way to do this.
Let me just double check
didn't mess this up.
I didn't.
Perfect.
see what this does. So that should be a
sanity test on um like pure sample app.
Yeah, enjoy your API key to your free
logging app. You can go log some plots
if you want on a public repo of plots.
All right. So, that's the super simple
sanity test. Um, let's actually just
have that up in a window for while I'm
working on stuff today, just so we can
monitor that.
This should give us
well I mean this isn't going to tell us
anything until we filter but we'll let
it accumulate
we'll let it accumulate some runs right
on the other monitor
this one.
Welcome to all the YouTube folks. Maybe
I should give a little bit of context
about what we're doing here.
Weston, I'm going to agree with you
while simultaneously denying it's a real
thing.
In my mind, like having the ability to
just focus on some boring [ __ ] that
you're not interested in for hours on
end, like that's like that should be the
thing considered a disorder.
Well,
let me give you a little bit of context
though for what I'm doing here. Um, here
are I don't know couple thousand
experiments
of Pong. Each of these points represents
a different uh experiment. The color of
the point represents how good the run
is. The dark blue ones are solves. And
what we want to do,
uh, what's the thing? Epic pen.
I love software nowadays takes 3 seconds
to start. All right. What we want to do
is something like this. This line,
right? There should basically be
a frontier
where you can spend more compute or you
can spend more data. And then the shape
of this curve is really important,
right? Because if the shape of this
curve is like this, if it's a linear
thing like this, then this means like
you know there's like this pretty clear
tradeoff between sim speed and compute.
If the curve looks like this,
it basically means that this you always
want to run this point here. You don't
really need a ton of data. You don't
need a ton of compute or you need a ton
of data, you need a ton of compute,
whatever it is, it does it's scale
invariant. And then what we're expecting
is that most things are going to look
like this mo for the most part where
there's like an elbow and then the
points we're going to care about is like
we're going to care about this point
because if we have a fast sim, this is
the fastest we can run our experiments.
And then we probably care about this
point which is like
why is riot opening? Heck. Uh we
probably care about this point over here
as well which is like the diminishing
returns in either direction point. The
elbow
Yeah. But the thing is Weston like you
can be interested in the results of RL
but the thing is the methodology by
which research is done is like sitting
at a desk typing [ __ ] into a terminal
and the moment to moment is not always
super interesting, right?
Like, do you ever literally lose the
ability to focus on a game?
League end of or riot.
There is uh I mean we do have a mobile
on the website
all the time. Really? That's actually
impressive. If you lose the ability, if
you like can't focus on a game, that's
like a whole another category.
so the main thing that I want to figure
out today
let me explain the problem with this.
Right? So
the default setup that we have for
sweeps,
it's designed to trade off score
and cost experiment runtime.
But now we have two different costs,
right? We have steps
and we have uh we have steps
and we have uh compute spend.
Now I need to trade off both of these.
And for whatever reason this is now
appearing to be difficult.
I suppose I haven't really given this
thing proper
due proper consideration though.
those beautiful reinforcement learning
experts.
Welcome to stream
All right, but that's like that's
doable, right? That that makes sense.
I've done stuff like that before, too.
What is the fundamental of protein? Why
does it work?
Oh well, because your muscles, you know,
are directly made out of it. No. So, the
way that the algorithm works, there's an
article on X. Um,
it's an improvement over carbs, which is
the costware basian search. It's a
Gaussian process that's estimating how
long an experiment is going to take and
what the score of an experiment is going
to be. And it's using that to guide
sampling. in my case to cover the whole
cost to score uh tradeoff regime. It's
trying to evaluate the uh brito optimal
frontier.
Now the thing is right I'm trying to
adapt it for two variables.
I don't even know if this is the problem
though to be fair. I think it's also
quite likely that it's just the
it's pretty likely that just straight up
the compute optimization, right? Like
the optimization to low data regime is
fiddly.
In which case, what should I do about
that?
I guess what I do is I do stuff in
parallel, right? So I take
let's take this is our sanity which is
our slow implementation.
And now let's go to our fast box and
let's see if we can do better on this
box in pure sample efficiency under a
maximum compute constraint. Let's do
that.
So I can do that Carlos but then that's
basically so if you think about that for
a second that is exactly the same as
just specifying a specific waiting
between data and compute and optimizing
one metric instead of two.
That act what that misses here is that
doesn't give you information about how
the trade-off would go uh for Sims of
various speeds.
Yeah. So Tim, that is actually that's
the thing that I'm missing. I mean, I
have benchmarks. I know for a fact that
we can just with our current algorithm
and different tuning, we can get more
than an order of magnitude in sample
efficiency without even going crazy on
cost. I know that for sure.
found these or would be a square in the
bottom left.
We found some pretty good points, but
we're not drawing the full curve.
We found like some pretty dang good
points though, I will say.
Diagnostics. Yeah. Well, we have a few
different things we can do for
diagnostics
if like
making it artificially slow, right? Like
I can literally do the exact same thing
just like all I have to do is if I do
like if I make the score function log
cost like log uh time multiplied by log
steps or something I can do that
tradeoff and it'll draw me a curve but
it's like a it's not going to get the
end points
here. I'll show you what I have in mind
for this at the moment. Um,
this thing. Okay. So here we have steps
up time.
Okay. So now we have our logs, right?
We're going to increase this to
let's say 64.
[Music]
4 ought to be fine. No,
we'll try 64
like a goodly number of steps.
So, this should now be only optimizing
steps. Oh, yeah. There's one other thing
I wanted to do before we do this
actually that would be better.
This is just going to take out the
stupid predictions.
Honestly, this might do something.
Is this enough?
I think we have everything with this,
right?
This is just a max cost.
So you're correct that for any fixed
environment we have what we want and
that was the entire point of the design
of protein.
Um the difficult thing about this is
that we also need to do science in which
we are able to draw predictions
about slower environments right based on
fast environments like I can't do all of
my research on a super slow environment
right to like understand sample
efficiency
what I want is I want to be able to do
my research on a fast environment
even if I am optimizing sample f and I
want to be able to run tens of thousands
of experiments
and fit like really good scaling laws.
We're going to actually like I think
when I'm running these experiments
provided they're stable uh we're going
to start going through some of the
papers and I'll tell you all a little
bit about like the you know the research
inspiration for a little bit of this.
There are three good papers associated
with what I'm working on here.
This will be setting a maximum compute
budget as well of um about 10 times what
we normally spend.
So with 10x the compute, it's really not
10x the compute, it's 10x the wall clock
cuz it's not compute optimal when you
scale down. But with 10x the wall clock,
same hardware, what can we do? Same code
as well.
Let's see if this uh if this is stable.
No.
Make sure we get this right.
We can go to papers.
and figure it out. Take me a few more
minutes than I thought, but then we'll
get to papers. Have plenty of time today
to do the lit review and monitor
experiments.
Uh, pretty much as soon as we get these
Purto curves in a good spot, we are
like that's the only thing I'm not fully
sure about.
Once we have that working well,
everything else is pretty
straightforward.
Ah,
that's annoying.
That's a wrong number
first of all, right?
Oh, cuz I'm dumb.
That's fine.
Uh right. And we also need to do
like this
this
thoughts on tiny cool library.
It's going to take them a couple years,
you know, to uh they say it's going to
take them a couple years before they
think they can be faster on uh Nvidia
hardware.
We're going to see where they go with
it.
I don't agree with everything they do in
the design from what I've seen, but like
pretty much anything that's 15k lines is
going to be better than anything that's
1.5 million.
That was hilarious.
I mean, I got to give the guy props.
That was freaking hilarious.
Not my style at all, but like
guy's first instinct is to drop a
[ __ ] mixtape.
Like, are you kidding me?
my dashboard and the Neptune dashboard
as well.
Double checking of stuff.
This is just going to run super
obnoxious. Run like super obnoxious
stuff. Yeah.
All right. Well, this is doing
something. So, we'll watch what this
does.
I mean, whether I agree with um like the
specific technical decisions, we need
more people just like doing crazy [ __ ]
like this, right?
Like it's in some ways it's like kind of
boring to ask can I make something twice
as good, right?
You have to be a little crazy to ask,
can I make something a thousand times as
good?
But surprisingly often the answer is
yes. Yes, you actually can.
All right, so let's let's start the
research segment here, folks. Um,
I'll give you a little bit of context
for this new project,
this later paper
human on both of these. Oh, Schuman's on
the later one and then
This one's like a smaller one, but it's
kind of just a nice paper. This guy's
kind of nuts, but
it's like a really well done paper.
And you're going to make the 1000X
programmer.
I mean, what do you think it is I'm
doing, right? If you solve a problem a
thousandx better
by definition.
All right. So,
three papers here, right? This was kind
of the starting one.
License out alos. Uh there are examples
of this and it's worse than you could
ever imagine.
So
this is the original blog p uh the blog
post, okay, where they were doing
gradient noise analysis
and trying to fit scaling laws. Uh but
they were doing it on RL at the time,
right? RL at the time was kind of a
mess. They did actually fit a little bit
of stuff to Dota, which was cool. And
there's a much longer paper. I've read
sections of this. I've never read the
full paper. Even though in my mind I
have this as like one of the most
important things, I've still never read
the full thing.
There's also this, which is much more
recent scaling laws work, OpenAI.
Um, it's kind of funny that they
published this in 2023,
but whatever. And then there's also this
uh short little paper which was
kind of a hobby project for this guy,
but like it's actually really well done
and the fits were really clean,
which was interesting. So, we're going
to take a look at these
Okay, so this is focused on batch size
scaling specifically and they fit
gradient noise scale uh as a law for
this.
Okay. So, this gives you
this gives you adaptive
adaptive batch size. It says
I don't think that's the full picture,
but we're going to go through all of
this stuff
minus like intros and [ __ ]
Atari breakout Prito Frontiers. Okay, so
this is
this is like almost the right thing
except this is like this is compute cost
and training time. Um
this ignores the environment speed,
right? This is like fixed M speed.
This is like the theoretical gradient
mess thing. We ignore this.
This is good. When batch size is very
small, approximation has very high
variance. So this is just gradient
noise.
By contrast, when batch size is very
large, batch gradient will almost
exactly match the true gradient.
There is when you're doing PO
there's an additional off policyiness
thing that's not like a that's a
conflating variable here but as a first
order this is fine
Okay, this is just background saying you
can do gradient descent, right? Like
this. All this is saying is if we're
doing gradient descent, we're
approximating the true loss using a
fixed number of samples
and you can estimate the variance of
this gradient
that you can estimate
the variance of the gradient. Right?
This is all the theoretical stuff.
where it's saying that you should get
perfect scaling.
Um, so you should just be able to
increase batch size up to a point and
then it becomes ineffective. That's the
prediction.
Again, in the real world, this is modulo
learning rate and data staleness
and a whole bunch of other things.
At least in RL, it's a lot easier in
supervised. Everything's easier in
supervised learning.
Predictions for data and time efficiency
trade-off.
this we don't have to care too much
about. We mostly care then the
experiments.
Okay. So here
yeah learning rate tuning
expected patterns in noise scale larger
for difficult tasks. This is true.
Growth over training.
This is also usually true. Well, it
depends but usually true. Weak
dependence on model size.
Number of model parameters in the neural
networks cancels in the noise scale. We
do not exhibit expect B to exhibit a
strong dependence on model size at fixed
loss.
Models that achieve better better loss
will tend to have a higher noise scale.
Okay, so
for a fixed level of performance, you
don't actually expect to have to change
the batch size because you change your
model size.
This is their prediction.
Trade-off is between speed and
efficiency is controlled by the batch
size following this form.
The critical batch size can be predicted
at the order of magnitude level by
measuring gradient noise scale.
Noise scale can vary significantly.
Okay, so this is a fit.
I don't know if this is a crazy useful
fit necessarily,
but this tells us something at the very
least.
by problem complexity. a lot of these um
and this is actually mini batch size not
batch size. So this is saying that the
mini batch size can get into the tens of
thousands which is a fit with um and
this is a fit with what we've done.
This is also not exactly correct because
they're using here they're saying batch
size for Dota team
lower bound but this is not correct
because this is a mini batch size
I mean other way around this is a full
batch size when what you need is the
mini batch size
optimal learning rate is displayed for a
range of batch sizes
this is again supervised learning
So
linear, right? If it's log and log, then
it's linear
So if we were to fit a bunch of these
laws, we could reduce the number of
hyperparameters a ton.
Largest batches larger batches are
fastest. Large batches are fastest.
Small batches are more efficient.
And
this is like two orders of magnitude as
well. But this is in optimization steps.
So they're measuring what's not quite
the right thing.
Batch minis batch scaled with higher
params. No,
not at all. Um,
that doesn't adding more parameters
really doesn't make much of a
difference.
That's not the main dependence.
So, I mean, this is like a decent fit.
It's like off, but
We need RL.
Okay. So, we want to see the Atari
results.
We roll out the environments five steps
at a time. What
vary batch size by varying number of
environments running in parallel.
We randomly step each parallel
environment.
Okay. Okay. So, they I don't think they
fully like controlled for everything I'd
want to see here.
I really mainly just wanted to see some
of the results I haven't looked at in
the appendix though before.
This is kind of a good one, right?
because this tells you
right. This is like maybe a factor of
what a five maybe.
Yeah, maybe this is like a factor of
five they get here in difference at the
optimal though. If you go to here, it's
like a factor of an order of magnitude
like 10.
The shape of this frontier is actually
kind of important.
It's like the fact that it's shallower
up there is not necessarily good. So it
seems problem dependent because for
pong, look at this. So this one here is
shallow and then this one here is steep.
we have for Dota.
Now we just have these fronts for like a
bunch of the different Atari M. They do
have different shapes which is
interesting, right? Different curvature
because here this is like order of
magnitude difference in compute or not.
Was it in examples? This is our sample
efficiency order of magnitude.
And here this is the concerning bit to
me, right? So like
for the really big problem
like like the really big problem it's
very flat
We'll see whether our results match
this. This is a bad thing for us though.
We don't care about classification
other than okay these are easy tasks.
Okay, so the variable batching thing,
All right.
So when the batch sizes get too big, it
seems that like determinizing training
is bad.
This I've seen as well.
Okay,
this is basically everything we wanted
to get out of this one.
There are some laws we can fit to batch
size. Learning rate that would couple
two of the parameters a little bit.
Learning rate's also dependent on model
size though. That's up.
But for now, we know that this exists.
We have the result that for some Ms,
there's a huge difference in sample f.
And we also do know that like
uh it's possible the more complex MS
this is not going to be as good. We will
see.
Let's go take a look at our results real
quick.
running more experiments. It will take a
while, but we're getting results.
This one,
why does this not work?
H.
It's running a bunch of stuff
and
it's like not full solving which is
weird.
Yeah, it's not full solving which is
really weird.
Uh, this is the big paper.
I don't want to do this one first
because this one will be quick.
This is like scaling laws stuff for
X.
Okay. So this is difficulty
is exponential. This is reasonable.
Sequel to RL guide should be tips on
interpreting graphs and logs.
Yeah, the thing is it's harder to make a
guide on that because that's just like
I've been doing it since I was 16 and it
was hard type of a thing.
I mean, arguably earlier depending on
where you count. We're getting very
close to it having been half my life on
research.
Hilo versus perfect play.
Training run of each differently sized
agent follows a sigmoid
starting from random play and
progressing to some plateau
and you get a basically pure exponential
fit.
But this is just saying that like
task difficulties scales predictably,
right?
This one's kind of cool because you get
scaling for search.
Wait.
So, it's just batching.
Okay.
No, I mean half of it's been almost half
of my life so far.
I mean the only thing that's interesting
I think here and I don't even know if
this is interesting cuz it's like it's a
searchbased method.
Okay. So, this is good scaling work, but
not on the area that I wanted. This is
like if you happen to have a problem of
this form,
it's really just going to be these two
are the important ones.
Uh, was this where I had them?
I think so. Right.
right here.
Not really full solving, is it?
Keep going for a bit on this. I want to
at least get through this paper. Dirty.
We got time.
Cross entropy loss improve smoothly with
model size and training.
Minimum compute
required to achieve a given return.
Minimum compute required to achieve the
return.
Why don't these keep going?
They kind of cut the curves at the weird
spot, didn't they?
Like if we take one of these 10 to the 6
10 million
Okay, we need to get uh we need to read
start reading this stuff.
There's no cross entropy. The usual
objective mean episode return need not
smell scale so smoothly.
The model size that achieves the minimum
test loss
for a given
The model size that achieves the minimum
test loss for a given compute budget.
like a performance metric behaves like
test loss.
Scalable model family is a collection of
models trained in a uniform way
parameterized by model size. The total
compute used in training.
Intrinsic performance of an arbitrary
policy is the minimum required a minimum
compute required to train a model of any
size in the family.
model of any sort of family to have
reached the same return.
Intrinsic performance
scales approximately as a power law with
model parameters n environment
interactions e
The number of interaction is not
bottlenecked.
The model size is not bottleneck. I
scales is a power law in E.
does this mean?
Optimal model. Okay, here. Optimal model
size.
is a power law in that compute budget.
Assume training compute is proportional
to ne
parameters times interactions.
For a given compute budget, there's a
trade-off between N and E.
The optimal value of n skills the power
law in the compute budget.
Oh,
now we're good for a bit.
is proportional to the compute
We would not expect our qualitative
results to change much. Quantitative
results such as scaling I suppose
dependent on the well tuned type errors
considered a fit.
Look like a fit.
Optimal model size versus compute for
all of our experiments.
And this is saying if you double your
compute, you should double your
Well, I mean, I guess it depends on the
slope of the line, right?
But
Yeah, but generative modeling right is
way up here
like
three orders of magnitude
like three orders of magnitude difference.
It looks like the
harder M's even the harder M scale with
more data, right?
Which is kind of funny.
That would actually be consistent with
the other paper, right? The harder M
scaling you more heavily with data.
I mean there are some questions I have
from this.
This is telling us we should just be
able to increase model size.
I've never seen that happen.
Never.
So why not, right?
Interesting.
So I mean this is just saying you
leverage the compute and magically is
better.
Lower model is the better.
I've never seen this work.
I want to know why.
Cuz this is an unsolved task. So this is
kind of different, right? Because if you
keep drawing this line out,
this is what we want to be able to have.
We'd love to be able to have like
Okay. Okay. I didn't I've not looked at
the full appendix of this, I don't
think, but there only certain bits of
this I care
Oh, perfect.
Learning curve is a result.
So there is an optimal model size it
seems.
It's this. Am I reading this
differently? Because it's
it's not the case then, right? So, if
you're spending a specific number of
flops,
there is an optimal model size, right,
for a specific number of flops.
The more flops you spend, the bigger the
model size is. But for any fixed budget,
there is
optimal size.
And then this one up top,
this square with it.
Yes, because this one is just straight
model size, right? You're going to spend
like this is three orders of magnitude
of compute
like 10 to the five. Where is this?
Up here.
You can spend 100x the compute.
I mean, realistically, if you get to
this sixth one, which is like down
here or whatever, you can extend this
out 10x.
we definitely want to reproduce though
this
model size scaling thing.
I have not found this to be the case
yet.
How can I have not found this to be
right? Are the tasks just too easy?
For any fixed wait, for any fixed amount
of compute you're going to spend, there
is an optimal model size.
Okay, hang on. So if we're going to
spend
but our implementation's really really
efficient, right?
So it could be that the optimal model
size for the compute range we're
spending is just really low
because you also you solve the task at
some point, right?
I suppose it depends on
what you are fixing.
If we fix the number of environment
interactions,
Certainly, it's supposed to be the case,
right, that if we can't solve it with a
super low number of environment
interactions, increasing the model size
is supposed to help. I think I've just
been screwing up with stuff because like
when you already have the environment
solved, it's not the case that
increasing the model size lets you solve
it faster in wall clock necessarily,
right?
It should always under optimal hypers.
Uh it should always help with samples.
Okay. So at least I have some
understanding now of
what I've been screwing up.
It is it is interesting to me here
though that like
this seems like it's massively improved
the uh sweep efficiency, right?
So maybe this has actually been a big a
big improvement. completely separate
from what I'm looking at and caring
about, but still
I'm trying to think what the smart way
is to handle this.
Okay. Well, I mean, here's one thing we
can do, right?
Let's just like let's do something super
basic.
just to make sure we don't screw this
up.
Okay, so that is a solve in um 12
million steps. It says 45 because that's
from Eval.
If I reduce this,
let's say we're only going to give it
five million steps, right?
Ah,
so there is actually a uh
Huh. Interesting.
Well, that's kind of awkward.
Yeah. I'm wondering if this is going to
jump.
We have to cut the learning rate in
half. I believe
this does not help, right? This is still
very very bad.
I'm going to give this one one other
chance here. It is quite possible.
Well,
can I just change the batch size without
screwing with the mini batch?
I think I can, right?
Let's just do this.
Yeah, never mind. That doesn't help at
all.
So, we don't get the scaling result at
all. And this is consistent with what
I've seen previously.
as well try it on a slightly harder
environment.
I'm batched to a mini batch.
What?
What does that do?
This is super slow for some reason, but
whatever.
Yeah, I've been meaning to address that,
Jess, but it's not like obviously, oh,
just change it to X and it's good. I got
to change several things.
And then I'm doubling. I'm quadrupling.
Oh, wait.
Let me just go double check.
Let me make sure I'm scaling the
learning rate correctly.
Proportional to 1 over of width.
1 over square root of width. Right? So
this means that if I quadruple the net
size,
We'll try both.
We'll just try both.
right? This is just worse. And then
we'll try doubling it. It is possible I
got it backwards. I didn't think so,
though. That's kind of weird.
Oh, no. Cuz one over square root of
width, right?
So yeah, it should be totally wrong to
double it,
but we'll do it anyways.
Larger nets need smaller learning rates,
right?
We have to compare to the baseline of
just running the smaller network with
larger learning rate.
Why haven't I seen I mean, this is an
effect that's been documented several
times and I've never seen it in the
whole course of Well, I mean, I guess
I've seen it on like some of the harder
ends needing
bigger models.
I wonder if it's like some wonky
initialization thing.
It really shouldn't be, right?
There should be like a very clear
difference.
We gave it 100x the number of
parameters.
I mean everything else I can think of
relies on tuning, right?
I wonder if it's like architecture and
like you know domain specifics
dependent. I wonder if it's like the
pixel encoder for instance benefits from
the parameters or something weird like
that. They did it in Dota though which
is state
Regardless, I think we've at least found
like one really good thing today, which
is the um
the max cost clipping thing is like
really good.
Like literally just clipping max cost.
We could even clip like max steps or
something. It's that's really useful.
Okay. I'm trying to think what else we
can figure out with this. So,
We've got relatively good
sweeps for
wall clock.
We can try this modification in
isolation for that.
I know we could go like add in max cost
and stuff.
That's actually not even a bad idea.
Go ahead and max cost.
and see what type of stuff we get out of
our sweep. Yeah,
Do you need to use Unity? No, you do not
at all.
In fact, if you do that, it is
guaranteed that your environment will be
borderline unusably slow.
So, this is fine.
Um, anything that needs to change?
I don't think literally anything needs
to change here, right?
We're just good.
Oh yeah, there's one. We need to do the
max cost filtering.
Uh I think we get
we have 1.7 kilobytes. We get up to
500,000 steps per second. 20% overhead.
I mean, if you can keep it in hundreds
of bytes, it's good. If you can get low
thousands, it's okay.
like 10 KB is too Hey,
Yeah, 300 KB is way too big. You're
screwed.
Oh, I just saw your message. Um,
yeah, Windows is not fun.
I wanted 64x 64 by What is this? Is this
a render?
That's
16 KB, man. That's not 300.
Where did you get 300 from? Uh if you're
doing this in floats when you're you
have pixels, you're trolling. So
presumably these are unsigned chars,
right?
Float betweengative -1 and one for pixel
data.
What are you doing? Why do you have four
channels for pixel? Like why do you have
four channels then? Explain your obs.
I'll be back in a minute. the restroom
and take a little walk around.
pixel values
picking simulated pixel values
then why if those are simulated pixel
values if you're doing RGBA why are you
representing it as a float and first of
all representing as a float that's a
multiple of four so that's 64k KB, which
is too big, but it's still not the 300
KB that you said. And like, why aren't
you doing
I guess it doesn't need to be. But wait,
if you need
I don't know.
I guess technically,
no, you should totally be able to just
put it into a char. Yeah, you should
totally be able to put it into a char.
There's no reason not to.
You're losing a negligible amount of
precision.
Okay, here's our new sweep thing.
Well, we'll see what this does. This
makes a difference or not.
could technically filter by max score as
well.
Might it be useful?
128 by 128 with this would give you 256
KB.
Keep your data concise
best you can.
All right. So this distributed thing is
just like not doing it. It seems
This thing is actually kind of
interesting, right? Because
Okay, because this is E7. So this is 20
mil, right?
Right. Because this is just supposed to
be fast.
Yeah. So, this is just supposed to get
this down to like how whatever seconds.
Okay. Um, we really wanted to just know
the stability of this, so that's not a
big deal.
Got 32 runs of this so far.
Down to 1.6 mil. I believe this is with
no frame skip as well.
That is
Why is this sweep like so much easier to
learn? Probably because this max cut off
thing,
right? Because like technically
Yeah, these guys probably are barely
getting filtered.
We found one very silly thing with
protein.
Probably from the colonel, frankly,
isn't it?
We can think about the model scaling
thing. There are a few different axes
here, right? Like
batch size scaling,
reducing numms in batch size
I honestly don't have a good explanation
for that, right? Like why is it that
But like C like colloquially
this is a pretty commonly reported
thing.
We have a couple papers that have these
nicely fit scaling laws
that I haven't really ever seen in
almost anywhere depending on like there
are few environments where you do see
it.
Definitely not across the board.
Well,
one way or another,
um,
this like silly little fix has
definitely improved the sweep algorithm.
That's a funny thing to have missed.
Like yeah, this here for instance, this
one here.
Yeah, that's this is a solve actually,
right? This is like 20 and this is only
a mil. This is No, this is 10 million
steps, right? Because this is supposed
to be the speed one. That's fine.
here with all these fancy curves.
This axis is different, right? This is
the one67.
I thought this was supposed to be the
sample F1.
Weird
breakout or something.
I don't know what you expect to learn
over that space.
Like you literally have 10kb OBS for
Dota.
Doesn't need that much information.
What the heck even is this supposed to
be this? No, this is Pong. How the heck
is it out here with E8?
So, this just produces a ton of really
shitty runs apparently
for some dumb reason.
Hey, something welcome. Yeah, I'm on
research. I'm on the next research
block. Research is hard as usual.
Trying to do large scale hyper pram
tuning.
And we're going to try um we're trying
to fit a bunch of scaling law type
stuff.
I guess I probably jumped the gun with a
lot of this, huh?
Hey, this is kind of nice at the very
least, right?
I guess. Do we try to like retrofit this
onto a
It's so annoying when I do this and it's
like I try to do too much at once and I
screw up and now I have to go back and
retrofit everything again.
I think I just have to do it though,
right?
I think basically
I have to separate out in my head the
multi- sweep stuff
from the sample efficiency stuff, right?
and standalone multis sweep is already
pretty dang good.
I guess we got to do that.
I can know I got to do it. It just
annoys the hell out of me. Like pisses
me off that I still mess stuff up at
this level.
Hey, research is hard.
You have to be like, however careful I
am, it's like I always have to be way
more careful.
kind of nuts.
Yeah, it's annoying.
It is real annoying though, right?
I don't necessarily want to see like
electively swapping out limbs. We don't
have to have like cyber tong cyberpunk
[ __ ] future, right?
See, my version of the sci-fi future has
like, you know, nanowire augmented
muscles and whatever the hell that uh
let us all deadlift 2,000 lbs and like
sprint for hours on end.
Well, I mean, you're not a helpless
sheep, right? If you want the uh
technological version of if you want
like future tech to be cool and not
shitty and dumb, then build tech that's
cool and not shitty and dumb, right?
Coco's B flick is [ __ ]
is what that is.
Don't put much stock in mediocre
philosophy.
Build cool [ __ ] That's all there is to
it.
Is really not any more complicated than
that.
I mean like AI is definitely going to
happen. It's just a question of whether
the current like really dumb language
model thing gets there or not.
You know, can we scale the completely
dumb thing uh until it's better than us
in all meaningful ways? Or does the
thing pitter out in ways that really
matter is what seems to be happening at
the moment.
Whoops.
on there.
do anything.
We shall see.
Oh, yeah. I didn't do the uh the multi
suggestion bit. Yeah,
fix that.
And I agree it's a part though not for
those reasons.
Um, so the parallelism that we use,
Georgie, it's
it's just a big block of shared memory
accessible on the main thread where all
the M's are just dumping their chunks of
data into that.
slices of that still have to get synced
to the GPU.
There's no CPU toGPU async buffering.
It's only CPU multi-core buffering. Um,
multi
multi-stage buffering to GPU is
something I want to play with, but I
don't want to bother until 3:14 because
Python gets threading and that makes my
life easier,
at least when they have the full
official threading stuff in it.
Um
the groundbreaking work of today or the
attempted groundbreaking work of today
is uh high performance hyperparameter
tuning across the
the frontier if you will of like the
compute data trade-off frontier. So can
you spend more compute on a problem
versus more data understanding that
trade-off very clearly?
The current problems I'm having are that
we have to adapt the hyperparameter
sweep to be way higher throughput and to
do multiGPU.
We have to adapt the hyperparameter
range over which we're tuning to support
the uh to support sample efficiency
which also requires changes to the
trainer. Uh and then we also have like
new visualization infrastructure
for all of the new experiments. Then
getting all three of these things to be
correct without messing up anything is
quite tricky.
That is what I'm doing.
Hello. Yeah, super impressed with your
stamina, man. My stamina right now
sucks. Like, I want to be doing 12, 14
hour uh engineering and research days.
This is the last week of an utterly
psychotic um 1500 calorie a day cut.
So, uh, when I'm also running 10K in the
morning and
and lifting decently heavy as well, I
have no energy at all. I'm trying to
mostly just get through this week. If
I'm hitting my goal by the end of it,
then I will be done with this block.
I'll be able to start on more serious
research. Though, in practicality, I
probably have a few things to polish up
in California and head back. Um, so it's
probably not going to be until I get to
Maryland that we get into like really
serious stuff.
I get to spend like a few months of kind
of like monk mode work on farm on hard
research.
See how that goes.
It's actually been quite a while since
I've ran 20. Most I've ran this summer
is 15, 16, something like that. The
course is hard though.
Pixs for focusing. Um, I mean, let's say
that 98%
Like realistically, um the way I get all
my stuff done right is like I get
obsessed with a problem,
I work on it a lot for three or four
weeks and then I burn myself out and I
like, you know, have a few weeks where
I'm less productive and then I like come
on with the I come up with the next
thing to work on. It's kind of like it
works in cycles.
Honestly, the thing I've always been
trying to figure out is how I can have
it be more consistent, but I've never
been able to do that. But hey, stuff
gets done either way, right?
So,
I'm hesitant to screw with the engine of
progress too much.
Why did it require me to authenticate
twice?
All right.
So the problem um is basically if you
have your multipprocessing method in
Python, it literally doesn't matter what
the hell you do because like using any
of the wrapped C primitives in Python,
there's so much overhead that you'll
just you won't be fast enough.
like the puffer architecture is
basically the only architecture that
makes sense in pi if you want Python
compatibility. The only thing I could do
that would be potentially faster, right,
would be to make a custom backend for
our C environments that's separate. But
like that's usually not the bottleneck.
But honestly, I hate the token thing,
right? If they want to force 2FA, force
2FA. But forcing like this token thing
is just [ __ ]
All right. So, we have multi sweep. Um,
let's go to
You're not right. You're not rewriting
torch
is the thing. I I think literally the
only thing that I need like I actually
need is torch.
And the thing is they have a C++ API but
it sucks anyways. So like
Python to C++ is not even an upgrade in
my mind. Python to like nice C would be
an upgrade.
I really do not like C++
kind of ass.
I do so wish that um
Orchard had gone with like
nice minimal close to CUDA. You
technically have Cuda C++ but like
is very C++.
and we'll see if I've done this
correctly.
Okay. So, we actually have this thing
running. Cool. So, now I should be able
to just go
I just copy the damn file.
Just going to copy the damn file.
It's so weird. I'm like actually too
hungry to think straight.
Like my stomach is rumbling and stuff,
but it's like not even It's not like,
"Oh, I want to go get food." It's just
I'm just feel tired.
No idea why that is. But
yeah,
one more week.
Is it smart to learn jacks for RL?
Um, for environments, no. It's a total
nerd snipe.
It's both harder and slower than writing
M's in the way that we write them around
here.
A fun exercise for one of my
contributors would be to port any of the
Jack's environment to see and watch them
be 10x faster.
What is this having to do with data
serialization?
what I'm doing here.
Um, nothing in particular.
Does it actually use weight? Wait, what?
Oh, you're asking Georgie.
Don't challenge me to make more m.
But for training jacks is very
interesting.
Um,
not really. What is interesting if
you're ignoring if your environments are
not in jacks? What is interesting about
jacks for training?
Oh, the guy in the chat is uh he's just
talking about his own stuff. That's
Georgie.
How do you summarize what you're up to
today or in general?
In general, we do high performance
reinforcement learning research
applications.
uh generally just trying to make
reinforcement learning as a field be
fast and sane whole project around
puffer lib is dedicated to that it's all
open source today in particular I am
working on high performance
hyperparameter tuning uh I'm working on
attempting to expand my current
hyperparameter tuning setup to track not
just uh performance versus cost of
performance but having like data
efficiency and time efficiency as
separate metrics. I'm working on
visualizations so that once I make that
working uh make that work, I'll be able
to queue up like thousands of
experiments to do large scale analysis.
This is like a um science at scale I
suppose portion of uh puffer arc the
puffer arc. That's what I'm doing.
You think the Jack stuff is not
long-term?
Well, it's just a super janky library,
right? Where the code sucks. If you read
read any Jack's code, it's like awful
stupid code. Um,
it's not like all the companies are
using Jax either. You can get MFU good
with PyTorch just as well. PieTorch
isn't amazing, but it's a hell of a lot
easier to work with than Jax. Like,
basically, Jax only makes sense if
you're Google and your researchers have
a billion engineers they can bother when
everything breaks.
Like, every single time I've gone
through jacks of any type, I've
regretted it.
And like, yeah, Google is super smug
about it, but Google's super smug about
everything.
Like, especially given that you can't
even buy your own TPUs, right? like okay
if you could buy your own TPUs then
maybe but it's like ah rent our TPUs and
then use our language without our
internal support on it. No,
I guess like longer term the thing I
would want out of a learning library
doesn't look anything like Jack's. No.
that was what the community is going
towards. Yeah, but the community is like
completely stupid.
But what does that matter?
Like the RL community is kamicazi their
own field.
Okay, so we should not be getting data
points way the hell out here.
Something's wrong with Yes.
Oh, you know what? I know why. This is
actually fine. This is totally fine.
Leave it alone.
Nicholas, I'm not like just being
arrogant or exaggerating either. Like
just side by side the code for one of
our environments with like some of the
better Jack's code out there. You'll see
our code is shorter, easier to read, and
10 times faster. And it doesn't chew up
your GPU time to do it.
I'll be right back. Let me use the
restroom.
Okay. Can we get us cost or trade off
instead?
for Marl. Nope.
It's not somehow better than PyTorch for
RL in terms of speed because Pufferlib
is faster by a lot than any of the Jax
libraries and Puffer only the
environments are in C.
Like the rest of Pi the rest of Puffer
liib is just Python.
And I guarantee you that our C
environment code is way easier than the
Jax environment code.
It's literally, man, it's just stupid
researchers like wanting to write
something that looks familiar. So they
come up with like the most convoluted
domain specific language that looks kind
of Pythony instead of using literally
anything else. That's all there is to
it.
Yes. So, this is like a ton of
experiments
here. Oh, yeah. Nick. Um, here.
Here's probably like the craziest
multi-agent thing out there, right?
So this is this is neural MMO 3. This is
a thousand agent environment. We've
trained this on 12,000 years of data
like 650 billion observations on one
server.
Environment is one file in C.
The uh training is all puffer standard
PyTorch.
Do you have some sort of repeated normal
from game?
repeated normal form just a matrix. Uh
any basic environment like that you can
write in a couple hundred lines
like we have a pretty a pretty clear-cut
guide on this as well. Like this is if
you haven't written low-level code
before people bounce off but like it's
really not that hard. Here I'll show
you.
Okay, so this is multi-agent snake. I'll
show you that one. This is like one of
the first environments I wrote. I could
make it way better if I were to write it
now. So this is snake. It's like I think
less than 300ish lines of code.
This is data.
Close the environment.
Here's your observation function. This
is all you have to do to compute
observations. You get to write loops.
It's really simple because loops are
fast and C.
Here's how you remove an agent from the
environment. Here's how you spawn an
agent. Here's how you spawn food. Here's
the reset function. Here's the
environment dynamics, the step function.
And then all this is just the rendering.
And that's it. Like 300 lines of actual
code. Little bit of boiler plate at the
top. And that's Snake. And then you can
go the website and you can watch our
agent play Snake.
Uh where is it?
You can just watch the agents play
Snake.
Okay. Interestingly, these scores seem
there are a lot of good scores in here.
Yep. Everything else is in that. I don't
know why you would want a custom variant
of DQN, though. We have a much nicer
training algorithm.
Like DQN's a very bad algo.
Oh, I know why this is this is me being
silly.
Yeah. So, you would modify our trainer.
Our trainer is like more complicated
obviously than something like clean RL,
but it's simpler than one of the big
bulky modular libraries because the
trainer is one file,
but it's like very high performance,
right?
I mean, puffer lib trains millions of
steps per second.
That's kind of the whole stick with
puffer, right?
It's just fast works.
Okay. I mean, so this looks good, right,
to me.
Like this is actually pretty solid.
I wonder if I can now run this exact
same thing.
And
M's are not your typical M. They're more
like molecular dynamics
of the whole thing.
Welcome, Carlos.
Um, molecular dynamics RL is pretty
awesome. Actually, like material science
type stuff is one of the top things I
want to do with Puffer.
How is Jack's convenient though? Like,
it's not right.
You have to do everything as a set of
array operations. You can't just write
arbitrary loops and conditionals like
you would want to.
Is it actually a compute intense
environment? Do you know?
Like there's really not that much stuff
that needs to be on GPU.
I mean like literally just if you just
side by side puffer environment code
Jack's environment code puffer training
code Jack's training code you'll see the
difference. Yeah. So molecular dynamics
I agree at least portions of that are
very well suited. So yeah I'd have to do
CUDA most likely. But the thing is that
wouldn't even bother me, right?
Cuz like what I how I would do it is I'd
make it so the code would run in C
or it would run in CUDA because CUDA is
literally just C.
Yeah. But a scaling to 100K agents isn't
a problem though because like
throughput's going to be measured in
agent steps per second.
It shouldn't be that. It actually should
be the opposite.
Typically, a lot of things like there
are a lot of algorithms that um when you
get to large numbers of agents, there
are a lot of checks that you can
technically do in better than quadratic,
but you have to do them quadratic on a
GPU.
Though actually technically puffer is
faster for small numbers of agents
anyways per sim.
I don't know. Puffer should just be
fast.
Puffer always fast. is a good library,
sir.
your jack is 12 to 15x faster than your
C++
is this it? Which one? Where do I look?
it. The site doesn't. Oh, now it loads.
there. GitHub on this. Is there a
source?
In my mind, writing Coot is actually
easier than writing Jacks. for reference
and way more flexible
Do you know what like training steps per
second? Like do you have metrics on how
fast you're training?
puffer is currently with an optimized
sim is like up to five million steps a
second
typically like between three and four on
a 5090.
Oh yeah, totally different thing. Yeah,
yeah, yeah. My bad.
Get lab. I haven't seen get lab in a
long time.
like the worst website ever.
GitLab is just awful. Um,
where the hell's the code?
It's always so hard for me to tell if
C++ is optimized or not.
I mean, I will I will give you that like
molecular sim is a textbook GPU Excel
problem.
I still wouldn't want Jacks like ever.
so basically the way stuff is written in
puffer
you can almost
you can almost copy paste puffer
environment code into CUDA and just run
it because like it's just very it's
static C which is basically CUDA. There
are like very few changes you'd even
have to make. Does that make sense?
Like we have not ever had to do this
because our environments that we do
typically are pretty low compute
intensity
when they're done in just like simple
low-level code. But it's not like we
can't do it right. And I would still do
that over having to deal with jacks.
Well, you should definitely log your
like training steps per second
to see if you get anywhere near puffer.
Like to be fair, if you're a systems
engineer, it's possible you make stuff
that fast, but like
pretty tough. Like puffer actually can
be made even faster than it is now. But
like
there are a lot of optimizations in it
that people typically miss.
Wait, where's the
where's the code? This is all like
placeholder.
Uh, this is like all placeholder, isn't
it? Oh, here's some stuff.
What is this for? Is this like this is
straight material science?
Like what do you work on with this
stuff?
Why is Jax used over CUDA? What's the
appeal? People think CUDA is scary. It's
not.
I'd way rather write Cuda than Jax.
It's like literally just researchers not
having cis background.
Vast majority at least.
Granular materials and swarm robotics.
the swarm stuff. We have some fun demos
around.
We got like our drone swarms and
whatnot.
At least this is working way better than
before.
Be swarm lab. Uh yeah, there's a guy
from there. I do.
Okay. I mean, this is at least
considerable progress, right?
but I think that before I didn't do I
think I didn't have this with no frame
skip
possibly. Now it's going to be quite
different though. It shouldn't be more
than
Maybe four mil for a solve wouldn't be
bad though.
Email back asking post code on my GitHub
and got ignored.
This is super fast at the very least,
right?
I mean, we've definitely fixed the We
have like performing hyper sweeps, which
is pretty freaking awesome.
Like, we've gotten this component to be
good, I would say.
At least good enough for sure.
Got cost pruned too.
Got cost pruned.
This is also without allowing larger
networks and a bunch of other [ __ ]
Good luck with that bet.
I uh
clearly I'm competent based on my ex
profile.
So, I have a uh a group chat that's like
half prime guys
and uh they mostly just post like horny
bait all Okay.
Hey,
if they want their brand to be the horny
tech bros, then
sure.
Some of their like the decentralized
stuff was pretty cool.
talent.
I mean, they don't do the type of RL
that I do.
You have yourself listed as puffer
procely contributor
in support and all the other [ __ ] that
you do around here.
have hardly any of that stuff. That's
funny.
and I wouldn't be surprised, but like
some of their employees really don't
have much experience.
I mean, they seem cool, but it's not
like a uh
I wouldn't be surprised if you get an
offer.
I don't know if they've actually raised
like a decent amount or not, but
current project
searchless chess
puffer
and puffer. goes as far as
where are you posting all this stuff
from?
But yeah, that is all our that is like
all the stuff. The Pokemon RL stuff was
very good.
That project would have been so much
less of a pain in the ass if the end
were just fast though, you know.
Oh, I messed this up way bad with this
frame skip, didn't I? [ __ ]
That's a bit of a No, I didn't. Okay,
that's fine.
I guess we leave it.
Is there an email to reach you at? Jwar
ispuffer.ai.
it's found four mil. It's not finding
like the one mills though.
Running a flask server.
I'm just running
I'm just forwarding a port. So I can do
uh my own plotting, right, without
having to copy the data to my local
constantly.
I'm not manually running a Flask server.
It's just what Dash has.
It's just shitty Dash, man.
It's like the least bad of the bad
plotting libraries.
Okay. So, this thing definitely made a
difference, right?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's tough to say with
the times.
It's like 10 seconds though. 8 seconds.
Yeah. So presumably this box is super
slow compared to the other one as well.
I mean that's something, right? And then
this one here.
This was the super long one. No.
I mean, what am I expecting out of it?
Is it supposed to be
expecting like uh
this frontier to be better. No.
Well, hang on. No, I'm not expecting
that cuz I didn't obviously dumbass.
Okay, I shouldn't be expecting that. I'm
fine.
This is totally fine. We're good.
We've made we've uh we've actually been
making some decent progress, I'd say,
today.
Yeah, this will be decent enough, right?
We can go from this and we'll see if
there's any change.
Um,
probably need to check a few things here
though, Okay.
I got Isaac running as demonic.
Was it really that hard?
I'm not a great person to ask about
that,
this should be giving us um
at least the ability to potentially do a
little better. We're not expecting this
to do amazing yet though, right?
It should be like a nice sort of
midpoint type experiment.
That one's new, isn't it? 3.5.
Yeah, I think that's a new point. This
is a new best point. This is good.
Okay, so I mean, this thing can run for
a bit, right?
We're not sweeping model size yet or
anything.
I can go make that change real quick.
It's not hard.
It in here?
I think it's in here, right? Load
policy. Yeah, here it is.
Let's see. Do like this.
All right, cool. So now all I got to do
is
Okay. Well, we got this version in now,
right?
Let's see. First of all, have we done
anything? Whoops.
I like that we can just keep
accumulating all these data points
though.
Sorry, you heard my reply, right? Or do
you want me to reply to the email?
There we are.
Nice graph.
See what this does. Be right back. the
restroom
[Music]
Okay. Well,
not doing better on sample F or anything
yet, but
Got way better before though. Actually,
how did I get way better? I
parameterized more crap, didn't I?
Yeah, this is about what it was.
I mean, we'll see if this solves
anything, right?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure I am.
So,
I don't know why the discrepancy, but
we can just run it and see if it finds
anything good.
And there's several things to I probably
wasn't keeping super good track of.
Go take a look
best we were getting was we do have a 1M
solve. Okay, we do actually have several
uh 1M solves on this.
They're slower, but they are balls.
A little slower.
26, not 27. I'm not dumb. Right.
That frame skip of eight.
4 M's.
It could just be the uh model size is
not being populated yet, right?
Oh, 512. Actually, that is a 512 hidden.
Okay. Okay. Okay. So, we have um
that could be a model scaling result
potentially.
5 million really 1 million.
I suppose we'll find out.
mediocre stuff.
I guess I've had to relaunch this with
crashes a few times.
A mill with eight frame skip is still
not great though, right?
I mean, still, we're going to be able to
figure out a lot of stuff from this if
we can just get it to be reasonable
enough.
Oh, yeah. There we go. There's a whole
bunch of runs, right?
Why are we not getting like 1 million
step?
That kind of weird not getting uh
one mil steppers
seven.
I am actually starting to wonder here
cuz like the min is at 900k.
Where do we get total time steps from?
Actually,
I should be able to get like agent steps
on minus one, right?
Uh, did that just change it or did I
just get this point?
I think I just got this point, right?
Let's go double check.
Oh no, it's uh it's different. Okay,
so somehow we are recording uh agent
steps wrong on this other thing.
Oh, because it's it doesn't take into
account the timeout, I suppose. Yeah,
that would be it.
Okay. Well,
there we go. Right, there's our 1
million step
20 score run
I don't there's anything else to add to
this.
Well, I guess just that I can run I can
keep it running and we can see if uh we
get anything lower.
Uh it is a little sus though that it's
not running.
It should be able to run sub millions.
I guess we'll see if it decides to do
that.
But I mean, that's the key thing. This
is all I needed, right? This was the all
I expected out of this was be able to
get this run.
I should definitely commit this while
I'm ahead
and then I'm going to go for dinner. I
think.
I guess what I'm going to do is I'm
going to let this run over dinner and I
think after dinner I'm going to reue
this with no frame skip.
I think that's what I'm going to do
because in the original like they count
frames against you in that way.
So, we'll do it with no frame skip and
we'll see. And actually, anything under
8 million means it's better than this
technically. So, I we can definitely get
under 8 million with no frame skip.
Like, guaranteed, right?
That's just a pure win. No downside.
pretty much guaranteed.
Funny that you only get these like one
point, but
okay.
I mean, there's so much stuff we're
going to be able to do with data like
this.
We've confirmed that the sweeps are
fine, at least for this objective,
right?
We've confirmed the multi sweeps are
good.
going to take some fiddling for sample
F, but like
yeah, this is in a way way way better
spot.
Do I want to cue this on breakout?
I think I kind of do, right?
You sweep.
What do we think about this?
I think this is good. Yeah,
except for this max cost which we'll do
120 on
a 4x increase. I suppose
180. Give it a lot of time relatively
speaking.
See what we find out of this.
See how it goes. Cool. Um,
that's 12 GPUs running on puffer stuff.
So cool, right?
13 actually
and like actually this stuff has gotten
way faster right with the new the
changes.
Um
That's clean.
Yeah, this max cost thing and these
longer evals made a huge difference.
Our algorithm is actually better than I
I gave it credit for. It was just like
the circumstances around it, the usage
of it.
like the details of Pong as an end and
stuff. No big deal.
Okay. Well, I'm going to call it there,
folks. Um,
I will be back tomorrow
and go get dinner.
Why the heck does my reream crashed?
all my stuff's on puffer.ai.
You want to help me out for free or the
GitHub really helps a lot. You want to
get involved, join the Discord. And
other than that, if you want to learn
more about RL or get the latest from me,
call on X. including my guides.
There's going to be more
sporadic science, I suppose, about the
next few weeks, I'd uh I'd say. And then
once I get back to uh Maryland,
that's probably going to be when the
really the next big block of stuff goes,
depending. I actually have no idea how
hard that the uh this stuff is going to
end up being.
Once we get I think once we get this
into place, it's not going to be that
hard, but who knows?
All right.